Dev docs update (#15617)
matplotlib/matplotlib: INSTALL.rst

If you are interested in contributing to Matplotlib development,
running the latest source code, or just like to build everything
yourself, it is not difficult to build Matplotlib from source.

The easiest way to get the latest development version to start contributing
is to go to the git `repository <https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib>`_
and run: ::

  git clone https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib.git

Matplotlib can be installed from the source directory with a simple ::

>   pip install .

Reviewer: Might be better to flip the instructions for `pip install -e .` vs `pip install .`?

If you're developing, it's better to do it in editable mode. The reason why

> is that there's a few artifacts for testing that are only properly referenced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is that pytest's test discovery only works for Matplotlib
```

This wording is not great still, but I think we can be explicit that the issue is with pytest test discovery.

if installation is done this way. Also, editable mode allows your code changes

> to be instantly propagated to your library code without rebuilding (though

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be instantly propagated to your library code without reinstalling (though
```

> you will have to restart your kernel): ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will have to restart your python process / kernel): ::
```

  pip install -e .

> Additionally, if you are planning on contributing, you may need additional

Reviewer: Maybe something like "To run the tests you will need to install some additional dependencies: "?

dev dependencies: ::

  pip install -r requirements/dev/dev.txt

> **Warning:** The following instructions in this section are for very custom

Reviewer: You can use 

```rst
.. warning ::

   warning text here
```

to put this in a warning box.

If you are interested in contributing to Matplotlib development,
running the latest source code, or just like to build everything
yourself, it is not difficult to build Matplotlib from source.

The easiest way to get the latest development version to start contributing
is to go to the git `repository <https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib>`_
and run: ::

  git clone https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib.git

If you're developing, it's better to do it in editable mode. The reason why
is that pytest's test discovery only works for Matplotlib
if installation is done this way. Also, editable mode allows your code changes
to be instantly propagated to your library code without reinstalling (though
you will have to restart your python process / kernel): ::

>   pip install -e .

Reviewer 2: We've changed from `pip install` to `python -m pip install` throughout (https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/pull/9291#discussion_r143268629). Is that not needed anymore?

Reviewer 3: They are unless you have an environment where you didn’t install pip.  In that case if you just call pip it may call a pip that is not compatible with the python of your current environment and spurious issue reports ensue.

Reviewer: We should stick with `python -m pip`, I'm going to push a commit making that change.

If you're not developing, it can be installed from the source directory with
a simple ::

  pip install .

To run the tests you will need to install some additional dependencies: ::

>   pip install -r requirements/dev/dev.txt

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer to have this in `requirements/dev-requirements.txt` (and also pull `requirements/doc/doc-requirements.txt` one level up in a separte PR). There is no need for a separate subdirectory for a single file. Additionally `dev-requirements.txt` is more obviously a requirements file than `dev.txt`.

Side remark: There are no general conventions on naming additional requirements files. We just have to choose something reasonable ourselves.

Reviewer: This was my suggestion (I'm bad at naming things).  I like `dev-requirements.txt` better that just `dev.txt`, will also push a commit with this change.

If you are interested in contributing to Matplotlib development,
running the latest source code, or just like to build everything
yourself, it is not difficult to build Matplotlib from source.

The easiest way to get the latest development version to start contributing
is to go to the git `repository <https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib>`_

> and run: ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and run::
```

  git clone https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib.git

If you're developing, it's better to do it in editable mode. The reason why
is that pytest's test discovery only works for Matplotlib
if installation is done this way. Also, editable mode allows your code changes
to be instantly propagated to your library code without reinstalling (though

> you will have to restart your python process / kernel): ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you will have to restart your python process / kernel)::
```

  python -m pip install -e .

If you're not developing, it can be installed from the source directory with

> a simple ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a simple::
```

  python -m pip install .

> To run the tests you will need to install some additional dependencies: ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the tests you will need to install some additional dependencies::
```

  python -m pip install -r requirements/dev/dev-requirements.txt

> .. warning ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. warning::
```

Dependencies
------------

Matplotlib will automatically install dependencies when you install with

> `pip`, so this section is mostly for your reference.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``pip``, so this section is mostly for your reference.
```

  - ``Agg``: the Anti-Grain Geometry C++ rendering engine;
  - ``ttconv``: a TrueType font utility.

If you go this route but need to reset and rebuild to change your settings,

> remember to clear your artifacts before re-building: ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
remember to clear your artifacts before re-building::
```
